# project_one

## Main Webpage for 2019-2020
https://www.cdc.gov/flu/fluvaxview/reportshtml/reporti1920/reporti/index.html

## Methods and Results
https://www.cdc.gov/flu/fluvaxview/coverage-1920estimates.htm#methods

## Data Limitations
https://www.cdc.gov/flu/fluvaxview/coverage-1920estimates.htm#limitations

## Key
Abbreviations:CI = 95% confidence interval; NA = not applicable; NR = not reported; HP 2020 target = Healthy People 2020 coverage levels established to reduce the burden of vaccine preventable diseases.Data Notes:▪  % = weighted percent of population vaccinated. Percentages are weighted to the U.S. population. Month and year of vaccination was imputed for respondents with missing month and year of vaccination data.▪  Coverage estimates are for persons interviewed September through June (before the 2012-13 season) or September (BRFSS) and October (NIS-Flu) through June (2012-13 season through present) who reported being vaccinated August through May (before the 2012-13 season) or July through May (2012-13 season through present). National estimates exclude U.S. territories.▪  Selected high-risk conditions include asthma, diabetes, or heart disease (before the 2013-14 season) or asthma, diabetes, heart disease, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, or cancers other than skin cancer (2013-14 season through present).▪  Race/ethnicity is based on parental or self-report. Persons of Hispanic ethnicity may be of any race.  Persons categorized as white, black, or other or multiple races were identified as non-Hispanic. The other or multiple races category included persons reporting Asian, American Indian and Alaska Native, Native Hawaiian or other Pacific Islander, other, or multiple races. Persons identified as multiple races in the other or multiple races category had more than one race category selected.▪  Adult estimates are not available for the entire 2013-14 influenza season from California and Mississippi. In 2014, BRFSS calls in California did not start until mid-July, and interview data from January-June 2014 are needed to estimate influenza vaccination coverage during December 2013-May 2014. In April through June 2014, BRFSS data for Mississippi included too few completed interviews to produce reliable adult estimates of vaccinations during March through May.▪  Adult estimates are not available for the entire 2017-18 influenza season from the District of Columbia. In 2018, BRFSS calls in the District of Columbia did not start until June, and interview data from January-June 2018 are needed to estimate influenza vaccination coverage during December 2017-May 2018.▪  Adult estimates are not available for the 2018-19 influenza season from the District of Columbia and New Jersey because the BRFSS did not conduct interviews in these jurisdictions during September 2018-June 2019.▪ Adult estimates from the District of Columbia reflect influenza vaccination coverage through November 2019 and under-estimate coverage through May 2020 for the entire 2019-20 influenza season. In 2020, BRFSS calls in the District of Columbia did not occur during January-June 2020, and interview data from January-June 2020 are needed to estimate influenza vaccination coverage during December 2019-May 2020. In addition, BRFSS calls in New Jersey did not occur during September 2019-April 2020, and adult estimates are based on interview data from May-June 2020. Adult estimates for New Jersey may be subject to differential bias compared with estimates based on the full set of interviews from September 2019-June 2020.Footnotes:*  Estimates not reliable because sample size is &lt;30.†  Estimates not reliable because relative standard error is >0.3.0.3.‡  Estimates might not be reliable because confidence interval half-width is >10.10.